(Navigation bar)
- Home
- About Us
- Menu
- Contact
- Location

Frequently Asked Questions

1. Is Thai food spicy?
    Answer: Although Thai people love their chilies, not all Thai food is spicy and 
    most items on our menu can be made not spicy or with varying spicy levels.

2. Can I have more than one type of meat or protein?
    Answer: Yes, but there is an upcharge when you ask for either multiple types of 
    protein or extra protein. The upcharge fee will depend on the protein. These 
    prices are listed in the menu section:
    - Chicken or Beef: $3.50
    - Shrimp: $5.00
    - Scallop: $6.00
    - Tofu: $3.00

3. Can I change the veggies in the dish?
    Answer:Yes, but this excludes most appetizers. Please check with your server. We 
    may not have certain vegetables.

4. How long will my order take?
    Answer: Due to the fact all items are made to order, time will vary depending on 
    how large the order is, how many orders are ahead of your order, and the time of 
    day. Generally an average sized order (three items) should take 15 &#8211 20 
    minutes.

5. Are you open all day?
    Answer: We close the restaurant for an hour and a half between lunch and dinner hours during our 
    weekday business days. On weekends we are only open for dinner hours.

6. Which curry is the spiciest?
    Answer: Traditionally green curry (gang khiao) is the spiciest; however, we make our curries 
    at an easily tolerable spice level for most people by default instead of the typical spicy that 
    Thai people are accustomed to. Since we make almost everything to order, we can make any curry 
    as spicy or as mild as desired, given a 1 &#8211 5 scale.

7. What can I substitute instead of white jasmine rice?
    Answer: Unfornately brown rice is not an option; however, you can substitute rice with either 
    rice noodles or steam mixed vegetables for a small upcharge.

8. Do you do delivery?
    Answer: We currently rely on both Uber Eats and Grubhub for delivery. To order delivery, you 
    will have to place your order through their platform instead of contacting us directly. 
    Pickup and dine-in orders are best made by contacting us directly.

9. Do you take reservations?
    Answer: Yes, when you call to place your reservation, we will need to know your name, phone 
    number, day and time of reservation, and how many people will be with you. If more or fewer 
    people are attending, please inform us as soon as possible; we cannot guarantee we will be able 
    to accomodate more people as we are a small restaurant.

10. We are a large group, do we need to make a reservation?
    Answer: We have limited space since we are a small restaurant so we encourage groups of six or 
    more to reserve their table as soon as possible.

11. Do you do catering?
    Answer: Yes, check out our catering section for more information.




Copyright &#169 Tathawee Inc. 2023